Aaron
What exactly do you do?
Mom
It's inconvenient for me to say what's going on now
I'll tell you later.
Then you have to work hard.
Bring your grandson to your mother early, okay?
Let's go mom
What happened again?
My dear Mr. Ye
I asked you to help me make an appointment with the Dragon Emperor today
You won't forget it, will you?
Did not forget
That's an appointment
Sunlong Hotel
Room 001 Hotel
Why are you in a hotel?
Maybe the Dragon Emperor thinks you are so small
Are you willing to sacrifice once for you?
That's not possible.
He is a great hero
How could it be as wretched as you?
Don't you know when you go?
What about time?
The time is set for 9 o'clock tomorrow night
Dragon Emperor Daya is very busy
OK, I see.
You go out first
One more thing.
So what's up?
If you make out with Lord Dragon Emperor
I won't protect you
With the protection of the Dragon Emperor
Who needs you?
Fine. Well, wait and see.